1: the most common bug I encountered was leading zeroes. A lot of assumptions i made while writing the code
 RELIES on the fact that the objects themselves
do not have any leading zeroes. Therefore, determining that was neccessary to the 
add(), multiply() compareto() and equals() methods. 
 This was a PAIN IN THE ASS to debug through. I tried a stripper method after the objects' creation, but 
the method kept getting removed at compile time, i then tried to figure out why 026 reduced to 
22 at compile time, which led me to attempt creating a docker because I thought the compiler on my laptop
was whonky, then I gave up on that and just asked grok about why the java compiler was reducing 026 to 22 
, and lo and behold... 026 is an int literal. I would have never known otherwise. 

I then discovered rgex stuff, which simplified the stripper which i decided to include with the constructor. However, that broke
a bunch of methods, because it'd strip away the trailing zeroes, which are actually important, so I overloaded 
the constructors AGAIN to tell them not to do that. It was a mess, but I managed to get it done. 

the moral of the story is... don't reinvent the wheel dudes. just use the stuff java's already built in instead of 
needlessly complicating the program with party tricks

2: The existance of zero. Not leading zeroes, zeroes themselves. For the factorial... the multiplication, and the subtraction.

... for the most part, I just explicitly checked for it and then returned the mathematical definition instead of trying to deal 
with the fact that every time i called a number times zero, it'd start an infinite loop, or return dubious data. 

3: Stackoverflow, geeks4geeks, grok, and w3schools. I consulted with Grok to help me write the pseudocode for 
the subtraction algoritm, but the thing is. Grok assumed that the number was stored from most important digit to least. 
so "1234" would be 1234. in my program, it was "4321." It was still usable but I definitly had to 
change a lot for it to work with the data format I was using. (AS WELL AS INCLUDING EXCEPTION HANDLING 
AND OTHER MATHEMATICAL DEFINITIONS!)

4: I added the subtraction method. That's about it. 

5. I don't really have any feedback for the project other than this is how you make abstraction feel so satisfying.

